Fix GitHub Actions to fix the links of the pdfs (#1559)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web: SPRINTLOG.md

# 2024-09-24 - 2024-10-04

- Add option to motd command for sending to unit users only([#1552](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1552))

# 2024-10-07 - 2024-10-18

> - Fix action to download the pdfs to correct directory([#1559](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1559))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Workflow bug fixed: PDFs (Technical Overview and Troubleshooting) were downloaded to incorrect directory([#1559](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_web/pull/1559))
```
